SPA QS backlinks to Dev Center (#10194)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/angular/02-calling-an-api.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD002 MD034 MD041 -->

:::note

> Visit the [Call a Protected API from Angular](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/angular/basic-authentication#call-a-protected-api-from-angular) section of the [Angular Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/angular/basic-authentication) guide for a deep dive into calling a protected API from Angular. This guide allows you to set up a sample API server using a backend technology of your choice, effectively creating a full-stack application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Integrate Angular with an API Server](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/angular/basic-authentication#integrate-angular-with-an-api-server) section of the [Angular Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/angular/basic-authentication) guide for a deep dive into calling a protected API from Angular. This guide allows you to set up a sample API server using a backend technology of your choice, effectively creating a full-stack application.
```

Please refer to the the [Auth0 API quickstarts](https://auth0.com/docs/quickstart/backend) to learn how to integrate Auth0 with your backend platform.

> :::note

Reviewer: Same situation here where the note is removed here but not added again.

Author: I also added this one on the new commit.
